kyra problem of the law in Hollywood
circles many celebrities turned to the
fixer he gets things done he says but
some of his clients tell a different
story and now the DA wants to know more
John choix de has her fox 11
investigation some call me Burque
Hollywood's fix-it man here he's going
to court with client John Claude Van
Damme a few years ago when the actor
faced a drunk driving charge I have to
take this down his name Ross Birtley he
cultivates the image of a power broker
the guy Hollywood often calls on to
clean up its legal dirty laundry now
he's got a load of his own a district
attorney probe of his business I
understand that they're saying that
there that we have hurt or allegedly
committed crimes involving for new
clients when Hollywood bad girl Shannon
Jordy got hit with a drunk driving
charge Burton was there with a helping
hand and we did his hopper got a traffic
ticket Burton called on the stable of
attorneys that he maintains to handle
the case so the actor could avoid
appearing in court that's where my
business comes from there's many other
business managers and agents and
managers and entertainment business that
come to be again we're talking about a
privileged group of people some of
Burton's Hollywood clients referred to
him by jack gilardi an executive at ICM
the talent agency that represents
hundreds of stars he's a good friend of
yours and
for the bomb van Damme he said Gilardi
client at ICM despite his ties to the
rich and famous burden is being
investigated by authorities who allege
that his legal consulting business is
built on a slippery foundation of scams
and certainly Burton is no stranger to
trouble I've been in federal prison I've
been in state prison in the 1980s
Myrddin pleaded guilty to fraudulently
supplying his clients who were fighting
their traffic tickets with certificates
of completion that they had attended
traffic school when in fact they had not
in the 90s burden again weighted guilty
this time to participating in a
telemarketing scam that raked in
millions preying on victims whose
average age was 76 now court records
obtained by Fox 11 News show the LA
County District Attorney is looking into
new allegations that the 59 year-old
burden is engaged in an ongoing criminal
enterprise those records show burden may
be up to his old tricks and that he's
allegedly working with to suspect
traffic schools to provide his clients
with phony certificates of completion
watchdog agencies audit of one of the
schools with ties to burden showed it
issued nearly 3,000 certificates in one
year yet when inspectors visited the
school on four separate occasions they
found almost no students it's a felony
to fake the certificates the Iranian
immigrant brothers who ran no pain won't
talk
Burton refused to say if he signed
certificates for his clients I'm not
going to discuss what I signed in one I
didn't sign Burton refused to say if you
refer to any of his celebrity clients do
those two suspect traffic schools
meantime authorities are looking into
allegations that burden gave his other
less famous clients the shaft dozens of
Burton's ex-clients have sued him
claiming he took big fees promising to
fix their legal troubles then failed to
deliver to the DA it looks like grand
theft by fraud the judge attorney in
Burton's office a giant painting of a
judge being brought it just adds to his
reputation as a behind the themes
manipulator it's a perception that I'm
able to accomplish things other people
can't accomplish you're a fixer all
right I can't stop people from believing
that or thinking that that's the society
by which we live in others say burden
suggest especially to immigrants that he
can finesse the law pull strings like in
the old country burden denies them why
try and dispel those expectations and
everybody in this office tries to when
they call you don't tell them what I've
got a friend of the judge you know
somebody necessarily do not do that they
asked me to do that Vinnie of Burton's
clients have traffic ticket problems
this Iranian American paid burden 3,500
bucks to get a DUI conviction erase from
his DMV record and finally Burton had
good news to report Chase is done so so
it's all done their records clean I've
looked at an emd it's still there
a call him back he goes give me a fax of
this into your classic cars Burton
insists most of his clients of our
satisfied customers but Janet or D she
happy yes kolezanka vantage s her those
who allege he cheated them would
services he calls them unconvincing
whiners no promises were made to these
people that weren't kept all right the
investigation doesn't seem to have
slowed down burdens business call him
and tell i'm still in the meeting i will
be calling him as soon as i'm out and
he's not giving up we're going to fight
we are absolutely going to fight it
you're ready to go to trial ready to
don't try in Los Angeles i'm josh wanna
buy